Some really fascinating things happened in DEFI world this week. A new project launched called Core Vault, similar to many of the more degenerate ‘money games’, but with a completely new model, and it’s rocking DEFI pretty hard right now.
Basically, it came out of the the devs wondering if they could make a deflationary token that ‘farmed’ trading volume instead of printing a token into oblivion like most yield farming. It holds some interesting parallels to our initial ideas around the XRN Consortium. (penalizing traders, providing more value to stakers)
They released the CORE token a few days ago after a 7 day Liquidity Generation Event or LGE, instead of any kind of token sale.
Basically, anyone could put ETH into this LGE, and at the end of 7 days, it added the total amount of ETH (~1500) in addition to ALL of the 10,000 CORE tokens into a Uniswap AMM pool. The Uniswap Liquidity Provider tokens that the contract received for the liquidity, it gave back to all of the members of the event in their respective amounts.
The CORE devs managed to write a withdraw function for the ERC20 contract that fouls anyone’s attempts to break apart their Uniswap LP tokens into the respective ETH / CORE components. So the 1500 ETH and the 10,000 CORE is forever stuck in the AMM pool, and can only be altered via making trades, not via withdrawing any liquidity. This created a hard price floor, since no one can withdraw liquidity, CORE was launched with an absolute minimum price of ~$66, and since all of the CORE is locked in the pool, nobody can dump, they can only choose then to buy.
 But what about the Core LP tokens? The LP tokens are used to farm more CORE. But since only 10,000 CORE will ever exist, where does it come from? It comes from the trading volume. Each on-chain transaction of CORE takes a 1% fee and puts it in the staking pool, which is split between owners of the LP tokens every block.
This price floor and guaranteed liquidity, in combination with ‘eternal’ dividends for owners of the LPs, and the deflationary amount of 10,000 (it’s deflationary because owners of CORE can add it to the Uniswap AMM by pairing with an equal amount of ETH in exchange for a new LP token, effectively permanently locks up some CORE) has resulted in what seems to be a quite rigorous and stable market environment.
Currently 1 Core LP earns you about $50 a day at current trading volume, which is about 550% APY. This will almost certainly go down sooner or later. But for the moment, it seems to have created something rather unique. A deflationary volume farming token. And seems to exhibit some really interesting qualities, I wanted everyone to be aware of it.

If you want to learn more, I’d recommend joining their discord. Particularly the ‘Governance’ channel.
Also if you want to check out their website, it’s https://cvault.finance/, and has a very uh..retro feel :smiley:
